hey everybody welcome ignore the line
please binding of issac afterbirth plus
we lose we win that's this the duality
of man right there Polyphemus at a start
TBH 1 @ NH 1 p j 7c to be honest one
direction that's one word in my world
please just seven classics you got six
already just give me the seventh I can't
name six One Direction songs to be
honestly I could probably name a few
first off I have to ask the obvious
question is One Direction still popular
I ask this not like you know I feel like
especially when that was pretty bad
damage but if somebody's in their early
20s and they want to come across as like
counterculture they go with one
direction who's that ha ha ha oh I'm
sorry I only listen to uh Brian Eno's
and be in volume 1 music for airports
and effects twin selected ambient works
to 85 to 92 but that actually is like
it's a parody of myself but anyway of
course I'm aware that One Direction was
popular I just don't know cuz these
bands sometimes they got a long life
span sometimes they got a short life
span is one direction still popular they
have that song you don't know you're
beautiful and that's what makes you
beautiful I'm well aware of that one
because I have ears and have been around
a radio and then they have did I say you
don't know you're beautiful and that's
what makes you beautiful I did huh I
thought they had another one which was
like hey be your good girl would be a
bad girl in my hotel room or something
like that I camera that was like a year
ago we don't want to take you know we
should be doing those teleport and every
chance we get try to make this work
anyway I should be talking about Isaac
instead of One Direction but I have
nothing against One Direction I'm not
I've got nothing for him I mean never
purchased a piece of One Direction
merchandiser music before in my life
mostly I just don't want to anger the
myriad Twitter accounts
that are like st. Malik's number-one fan
and then you know they have like 300,000
followers and they're like get them
could be the end of my career you know
you got to keep them out you might be
watching this right now and you're like
you know 2021 you could be 30
you could be 70 is all good with me
especially if you don't have at block
installed but then beyond that you know
you might not be a fan of my videos
forever you might seem unfathomable now
you're like but NL you're the funniest
person I've ever met in my whole life
and you're my hero and bla bla yeah I
know like you're right but the same time
tastes change and you know popularity
wanes and stuff like that
I got a to stay fresh I got to continue
to appeal to people who are like you
know across the gambit of age groups I
got to stay relevant as a 28 year old
the people who are at the present moment
half my age and I don't know how you do
that I don't know what like 14 year-olds
are into these days and that represents
like a problem with my marketing to be
honest with you not because I
necessarily want to cultivate an
audience of people who are 14 years old
but because those 14 year olds will
eventually be 22 and they'll be like I
want to watch this guy who knows that
XCOM enemy within is the best game of
the last console generation so I don't
know I got to figure it out I feel like
I should be anti cynical here like feel
like the average person would be like
yeah what are 14 year olds into these
days digit spinners amines but I don't
know what are what are 14 year olds into
it seems like seems like we got a woke
generation of teenagers coming up what
do you guys into you recycling electric
cars and solar power keep up the good
work
see you later you scumbag oh we did it
that was actually like a incredibly fast
and be like why am i fighting this guy
fighting these guys to get angry fly is
almost like a joke in and of itself but
there's no reason to fight them to begin
with
I don't think we should do this I'm
going to finish it but I'm just going to
tell you I don't think this is the way
it should go
this runs great by the way I mean I've
really talked about it too much because
we started with Polyphemus so all of our
other stats are like effectively
irrelevant but we're going down to the
third floor four minutes and we have
deal with the devil precedent a decent
amount of HP we pick up since oil which
is great and again the Polyphemus start
just buys us like a lot of time here but
now that you can't use a missing no word
or undefined here I mean those are two
different items but they kind of have
the same graphical theme you know now
that we can't use undefined to to loot
the chest it's not quite as interesting
because it carries this like it carries
an opportunity cost whatever it actually
works and gives you a narrow room and
that's that you could accidentally miss
out on like on this floor we can miss
out on two bathrooms a potential deal
with the devil to item rooms to shop the
secret rooms etc etc if we teleport to a
narrow room too early and then a narrow
room is not guaranteed to have an item
and if it has an item and certainly not
guaranteed to have a good item it's not
like our item pools for air rooms are
specifically fantastic or anything like
that so at the present moment I'm not
not sure how I'm going to use this item
by and large but I think we should we
should adhere the rules of Zain if your
run is good concern yourself as aim not
Zayn Malik you know I just can't stop
talking about one direction see this is
what I was concerned about so we are
we're fighting Ragman for the second
time we've like immediately if we if we
don't get a battery charge for this
which we've almost certainly will not we
have just inhibited ourselves to an
enormous deal please let me out of here
we've just missed out on to item rooms
potential deal with the devil end to
boss signs give me the battery oh I
really thought that it was going to give
me the battery we need to slow at the
eff down but mind you if you have a
conspiracy theory like onl just he's
trying to finish this run quick so we
could go get some lunch first off you're
very astute judge of character I'm a
hungry boy right now but I budgeted my
time up
really so unless this episode takes 80
minutes I got enough time to get lunch
before I gotta get the NL s s started
okay with the requisite 1 to 2 minutes
of late that we always are but angry fly
orbiting the shadows a little strange
anyway how could you have possibly
accused me of trying to rush this run
when we've gotten error rooms on our
only two plays of undefined by the way
we got a I of the keeper or whatever
it's not head of the keeper there's I
have Greaves gold tears I have no idea
what makes this different from head of
the keeper and we should look it up but
it seems like one of those items that we
might be able to just figure it out as
we play anyway this floor and we're on
the Deaf's one so like this is too fast
to be on the Deaf's one I'll just own up
to it right here
I'm going to tempt fate because when
you're going through hell keep going
I'm not going to tempt fate yet though I
want to go into the curse room and then
teleport out to save ourselves 1/2 spear
at heart in order to do it all you're an
idiot in order to do this though it's
very sensible for us to have a spear at
heart first so that's what I'm waiting
on is that potentiality we might just
want to go to our item room as well but
that would you know I'm kind of I'm
embracing the role right now of like how
many times could it possibly backfire on
us and I recognize that that answer is
you know variable but still also it
would be prudent for us to visit our
shop you know we've gotten a lot of
money out of out of I of the keeper
ahead of the keeper whatever it's called
just give me some special rooms this is
probably our secret room
our secret room I mean oh right I forgot
ghostpepper actually destroys a statues
wait a minute I was like I forgot about
that thing that we're all aware of and
then I thought about it for two seconds
and I was like I don't think that's
actually something I knew in the first
place well they seem to want me to come
this way so I will come as you are as a
friend as I want you to be another great
one direction song but bombs oh you know
what okay now we got to go to our shop
and we got we got all the tools to carry
us here so here's what you do you go to
the shop you get a spirit heart you go
to the secret room and you go to the
shop and you there's no spirit art for
sale but there will be a spirit heart
for sale Ace of Hearts that's not
particularly strong here we like we
really really would like to get a spear
at heart so ancient recall gives us
three cards I think so I'm just going to
pop it two spades justice and the lovers
got 12 cents we can probably pretty
easily get the 15 on this floor if we
don't teleport but tell you what I'm
actually just going to kind of go for
broke on spirit hearts here even though
if we get money I would love to I would
love to buy chaos and and ideally steam
sale as well but the just stacking of
spirit hearts was relatively intelligent
there now what we're going to do is
enact our plan from earlier but actually
before we enact our plan I am going to
go fight this mini boss down here in the
hopes of picking up maybe the virus
there's a couple good mini boss items
that I'd be I'd be stoked to have but
even just raw HP is fine by me honestly
we're extremely lucky with how this run
started like the seed of this run giving
us Polyphemus were it not for that we
would be in like actual hell that's
great not actual hell I mean maybe I
don't know
I think the the the selling point of
hell is that it's bad but I've never
been there myself you know it's like
someone goes to a town for a week and
then I hate this town it's blah and
you're like wow if you live there you
know there's actually a pretty good
sushi joint on commercial Broadway it
ain't all that sure I mean the housing
prices but the Windsors are remarkably
mild hey don't hit me no more okay that
one I basically walked into all I asked
for and the run doesn't have to provide
it for me it's provided for me in a big
way already but I would love a good
tears upgrade we're probably in a great
spot regardless like again we're it not
for the fact that we started out of
control strong here and actually largely
kept it up despite the fact that we we
did end up obviously you know losing a
couple item rooms boss rooms potentially
a deal with the devil and certainly a
shop as well
we are still killing it well we're still
doing okay
our speed actually I don't think it's
high enough to get away from this guy oh
my god did you see shot out like a
freakin supersonic man okay take this
Krampus you better hook me up with lump
of coal here I don't want to fight you
if I'm not getting a lump of coal out of
it you've made an enemy for the last
time my friend do we have we have no
battery charges I think we're just out I
think we're gone let's move we got a
strength card for maybe our next deal
with the devil I don't know it's kind of
a weird situation to be in
this floor is super weird as well
because we have had this happen before
where we used undefined and it made it
so we couldn't get to the Polaroid you
know if you skip this boss fight you
don't get the Polaroid and as a results
I mean I guess now you could find an
alternate path that was pretty dumb you
can find an alternate path and get too
the void but I'd rather not be forced
into doing that because it sounds
terrible okay we're that awful awful
damage like we're like a three out of
ten level in terms of the quality of our
play right now and this is the true
Genesis or epitome at least of
northernlion luck is that we have a run
where we can afford to play like garbage
and still not be in a terrible situation
but let's not revel in that let's work
past it you know it's like being a
student you know for there was a time in
my life I was I was mostly a pretty okay
student there's definitely a you know a
couple of years of my scholastic career
that I fit that archetype of being like
the clever kid always screwed up our
deal with the devil
the clever kid who doesn't apply himself
and when you're in like middle school
even high school that seems like it's a
mark of great personal pride you know
you're like everybody has to work harder
than me to achieve the same results but
then if you work like a lot harder than
me you can achieve much better results
and that's the thing the older you get
the less the less easy it is and I'm not
sure if we get a game crash here the
less easy it is to be proud of yourself
for being average with below average
effort you know and I'm not that sounds
like I'm making a case for like NL
exceptionalism or something like oh I'm
you know God's gift to earth but I
didn't realize it until I started trying
to know like everybody is good
disproportionately at different things
I'm speaking specifically from a
Scholastic standpoint right here you
know I know the archetype a lot of
people out there watching this are going
to be well not maybe not a lot but some
of you have they're watching this
probably remind me of myself at that age
you know why why would I put in an hour
and night to get straight A's when I can
get straight B pluses with no work well
the answer is because you know it's good
to challenge yourself it's good it's
good
to keep yourself on your toes and
constantly forcing okay stop with the
damage constantly force yourself to you
know improve and that only happens when
you when you take yourself out of your
comfort zone being comfortable is
awesome but I think being too
comfortable can be like a curse as well
happens all the time you might say won't
happened to me and it's possible but
some many situations in college
especially people who never learned like
good study habits and then all of a
sudden class is a lot harder to do well
in earth even past sometimes and like
what do you mean I got a study like four
hours a week seems inconceivable anyway
this is getting too preachy we've slowed
down on this run a lot I mean part of
that is inevitable because of the fact
that you know we didn't skip two entire
floors over and over we only skip two
entire floors once but we should take
that as a sign that the run is not as
powerful relative to the enemies as it
used to be so if we could freaking pop
off like that would be good first off
start playing better smarten up is the
is the expression okay we're going to
bomb it looking for seven centum
would probably just buy a bunch of
spirit hearts or one spirit heart
because it seems like things probably
going to get dusted soon come on seven
cent good item seven cent good item I
don't care if we used all our bombs to
make it happen as ice cold man that was
ice cold we did the me right there
I wish we can take the battery charge in
with us obviously not plausible
okay ghostpepper thank you that was a
very conveniently timed ghostpepper
keep yourself abreast of where mom's
going to be here that was not pun
intended
let's go No Deal and that's completely
fair but easy boss rush access which I
didn't even consider until just now
obviously we want the Polaroid banks tab
spider babby kamikaze Pet X is not even
close it's actually blink so important
that we take tech X here tech Expo Lee
FEMA is just absurdly good now we're
never going to get like a massively huge
laser in all likelihood because of the
fact that I mean you know there are rate
of fire is not great is the thing but if
anything gets touched by this laser is
done and dusted he has not done it but
that's okay yes okay okay apparently
what you're supposed to do with this and
I've probably said this on occasion
before you're supposed to blow up the
greed head in there or the green statue
and then if it gives you an item then
you use the reroll machine to re-roll it
for the life of me I can't put myself in
the shoes of the developers on that one
it seems like a you know like a 1 in 30
kind of like gamble they're not that the
cost is high but you know it doesn't
seem like it an obvious access to
improve yourself that much is what I'm
trying to get at this is the run that is
like this run is like a trust fund baby
no matter what we did apparently it was
impossible for us to die if we had been
in the average position on this run we
would we're died 20 times over right but
because we started with Polyphemus is so
the silver spoon in our mouth that makes
it impossible for us to take a toke but
don't choke if you do you get no clue
well me and my homey snoop dogg came to
do with like this in like then like this
sender just walk on the creep
actually so mad at myself
infamy great item but like it's not
worth the the squeeze here I do like
this guffy SEC dagger is actually great
as well
guppy Bob's curse not as good but
wouldn't kick it out of bed for eating
crackers so we did teleport honestly
kind of hurts because our deal with the
devil chance was pretty high how many a
rag men are we gonna fight on this run
like this is getting absurd alright
alright well we also do not want to I in
a way I don't know whether I should ask
for your support or apologize you know
if I should be like yeah your plan L
found another error room or if I should
be like I'm so sorry that we keep
finding error rooms because the runs
it's going too fast it's fast enough
that even our guaranteed win it seems
like dangerous and that's no good
this might completely make a hush fight
like plausible and desirable which is
why I'm actually taking the time to do
this right here especially because we
also do not have to shoot every proof
individually which is always like the
big problem anyway hoping for some luck
upgrades plus satisfying sound listen to
this dude that's nice that is just
revitalized my interesting card against
humanity right there oh my god like I'm
happy because we're getting those fringe
payouts from from undefined but I'm also
like conscious of the fact that it's
screwing us so I don't know again
whether to kill you or kiss you on this
run we're at 18 minutes and probably
like four rooms away from possibly going
to the hush fight with a run that is
shouldn't have done that with a run that
is uh is strong but you know could be
like a ten out of ten if we had just had
a slightly different sort of value
proposition here but anyway I mean I'm
not I'm not too cheesed off by we are
still rolling
Polyphemus tac-x
can't spam the shots our rate of fire is
not good enough to span the shots but
still and second I had something in my
eye here how do we get I am mucus
it's not like I'm indignant
I actually just don't know why do we get
IMU cos I know we got mucus in there you
know it's a tear duct or something
Lowell bio degree don't even start with
me that's been coming that means
starting to get me genuinely salty man
because it not because it implies that I
am stupid
or that I have a joke degree or
something like that because you know I'm
self confident I know what it took to
get the degree the answer is largely
showing up the class and studying a lot
for the exams it wasn't like I had to
live this is like a P o w4 a while I
mean it's just it's an undergraduate
degree it's not that absurd but because
it's unfair to the education system man
whenever I don't know if this is true
for like other degrees there's probably
some of them but like for biology people
ask you all these random questions and
if you don't know the answer of them
they go you know what would you study in
school it's getting crazy you know oh
well I've got like a rash on my elbow
what's this I don't know why don't you
google it slow biodegrade logical see a
doctor I thought that's what you got no
you don't understand
these are two very different things you
get the biology degree when you plan to
go to med school and then when the plans
fall through you finish it up it's
largely a lot of like I'll look that up
in the scientific record
am I getting a steam msgs things like my
games slowing down like crazy right now
I don't want battery charges if possible
um because I mean I guess maybe I do
want that recharge I'll tell you what
we'll let let God sort them out I don't
know those lives call it I just know
those sound it makes when it takes a
runs life we first off will get a deal
with the devil here so you want to peep
that and we can't be Krampus which is
just even more exciting are we going to
do hush or we going to skip hush that
depends on our teleportation oh okay I
think we take a theme then we teleport
we got a narrow room so we're going up
to the cathedral boys which I think
might be merciful for me but at the same
time I could we're going to fight hush
boys if the doors still open boys I
don't know why I keep saying lazy boys
and now I've lifted into a very strange
accent please it's not evocative of any
culture but at the same time we're gonna
take I'm drowsy against hums yeah I mean
here's the thing gara we all love year
we all know what it does we can go one
run without using yera
in the way we always use ierra to double
the chest items to see how I'm drowsy
does against hush because I'm drowsy
genuinely
is a is a 10 out of 10 against delirium
so if it's like a 9 out of 10 against
hush then we can save this as a
worthwhile pill I am so turned around
okay is that it I think it's a rock
tinted right there let's flip and go
okay please I just want to exit the
floor
just take me away okay down to the next
floor but yeah like I'm going to be
honest with you and like some of you
watching this might be doing a biology
degree maybe you have just applied for
college to be a biology major or
something like that I'm not trying to
say like a nice one big mistake idiot
but an undergraduate degree you know
these days doesn't seem like it's worth
as much as it was back when you know
during our parents generation where you
you know you get a high school diploma
here's you know a job that pays you the
national average salary with like plenty
of room from upward momentum and stuff
like that I'm not trying to dredge that
up again still sad bombs holding mantle
by the way great pickups here but a
biology degree is not a professional
degree by itself it doesn't qualify you
for that much on its own merits that
doesn't mean it's a worthless degree to
get at all we're good to go here it just
means that like you know if you if you
are an engineer you get a degree in
civil engineering you can get a job you
know it's probably like a a junior
engineer when you get out of college
with the biology undergrad it's like
you've qualified yourself to you know be
a lab assistant or to get a master's in
biology you know at which point then you
can do research and you know eventually
I'm pretty sure that undergraduate
biology degree is largely going to go to
people that are going to be biology
professors when they're when they're
older but anyway it's not necessarily a
bad thing I'm just people have this idea
that like alright today what's your
what's your first year schedule and
biology well first I have a does this
animal have hooves
that's the first class and then finally
we move on to our amoebas sentient and
then please not not now not now not now
close that message closer
then we move on to is this symptom
symptomatic of cancer you know it's not
really what it is you spend a lot of
time instead being like this is a liver
wart
this is a hornwort this is a nitrogen
fixing legume you know it's a lot of lot
of botany a lot of taxonomy a lot of
cultivating Eggar on the plates and then
growing you know bacteria on them and
then you know doing metabolic analysis
I'm not trying to discourage you you
know an education and biology I feel
like we the next generation coming up
because we're already lost you got a
responsibility to not be snobby about
science engineering and you know
technical stuff stem I forget what that
stands for mechanical I don't know the
point is no matter what you take in
University for the most part I feel the
need to come over the top here because
my colleagues sometimes they're very
anti schools and I understand that they
have different scholastic experiences
than me to grow up in a different
country to begin with and I can't speak
to the American education system but I'm
not cynical about school it helps that
you know tuition in Canada is like 1/8
of what it is at a lot of American
schools but anyway point is the number
one thing I learned in university
unrelated to my degree
you know skepticism but healthy
skepticism not just being cynical but
being like you know when you see
reporting about science now I'm like
probably there's a scientist back there
that's like please don't say that this
is a cure for cancer and then they go a
possible cure for cancer found you real
peanut butter on your genitals in rats
in trunk you know 1/8 of one tumor by 2%
you know that and and of respect for for
hard work and just doing the work you
know those are the big things and
honestly that's you know that plus
independent living is probably the most
important lesson I learned in college go
to class do the work because if you
don't like basically not to be rude but
people just unlike high school they just
don't care like in high school if you if
you don't show up for class
the teachers gonna go freaking wild on
you or it sorry your your parents are
going to go freaking wild on the teacher
you know they're gonna be like how did
you let my son or daughter do so badly
and knew that the teachers like well you
know do the work they don't show up to
class and they're like well that's your
job to teach them and then literally
like two months later they might be in
college if they if they flunk out you
know that's on them so there's a degree
of personal responsibility that becomes
important there because the professors
they don't even want to teach some of
the time some of them are fantastic but
some of them are like I really just want
to be in my dark lab for the rest of my
life but in order to do that you know
I've got to teach introduction to
calculus three times a year to kids who
don't want to be here and who think that
they're adults because they can walk out
of the class at any time without
consequence anyway this is it's getting
a little too preachy perhaps I have a
respect for school and I want you to as
well I want you to have a healthy
respect for it without being without
being a flipping Keane or you know
probably not as a Canadian is the Makena
is a brown-noser what it's like June
yeah it is like it's the right time to
be talking about this because many of
you will be going to you know your first
year post-secondary education next year
what are these tips every summer and
nobody listens because it's human nature
I wouldn't know listen either college is
real simple trying to have fun but also
like go to class
go to every class you're going to say
it's not reasonable to go to every class
yeah but if you plan to go to every
class then you'll probably only skip
like 10% proptosis
Gympie magic mush kidney bean again we
don't deserve what we've been granted on
this run but like I'm the happiest
camper regardless we don't deserve to
have 55 damage we played so badly
and yet here we are stomping on enemies
uber my rated fire is kind of bad I
don't even know what to say about this
run like this is just such a such a
strange run so many times well that's
this is a little self inflating I was
going to say so many times I play well
and I'm just not given the tools to
reasonably have a chance to succeed and
that is true to some extent dude I love
when you pick up Eden's blessing is like
the capstone to an already excellent run
but anyway cats no nice word this run is
the complete opposite of that
it's exceptional and we have no reason
to have been granted this but that's
life you know sometimes Bill Gates wins
the lottery Bill Gates strikes me as the
kind of guy who doesn't play the lottery
but you know you the example holds
we we are Bill Gates winning the lottery
here but that Judas run like four runs
ago that was not Bill Gates winning the
lottery you know that was like Hans
Moleman getting hit in the groin with a
football again and again and again are
you going to give me delirium
you're not I kind of want to if I'm
being honest like I don't think there's
any way for us to to create it out of
the ether I'll have us down okay now our
Luck's equal so it's all good
just hit me I don't care well it was a
great ride it was ish it was both the
short end a long run it was like longer
than you'd expect given that we were on
the depths one at six minutes and
shorter than you would think from the
get-go but for now thanks for watching
because I've enjoyed the episode if you
did click the like button I'll set a
great deal of course subscribe if you
want to see more in the future and
thanks as always for your support I did
talk about like the future of Isaac a
few episodes ago I'm just waiting for
that backlog to percolate out basically
and then people will be like I only want
to see one run a day start over a new
file and then I can tabulate those
results anecdotally and make a decision
but it might be a few more days still
before that happens but anyway for now
thanks for watching hope you enjoyed it
particularly the like button helps out a
great deal I'll see you next time